Merge branch-DuplicatePersonsUG with Master (#213)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

- Adds gender to a person in the contact list. The genders accepted by the contact list are: `M`/`m`/`Male`/`male`
for male, `F`/`f`/`Female`/`female` for female.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">

> :information_source: **Note:** The user cannot add a new person with an already existing name in the application.<br><br>

Reviewer: I think it'll be better not to use the term 'user' to refer to the individual reading the guide to standardize with the rest of the guide.
```suggestion
:information_source: **Note:** A new person that has the same name as an existing person in the application cannot be added to the application.<br><br>
```

> For example, if the application currently has a person named `Donny`, the input `addPersons n/Donny p/123 e/test@test.com a/UTown g/M d/10/10/2022`

Reviewer: Could we change this to be a regular phone number too!

```suggestion
For example, if the application currently has a person named `Donny`, the input `addPerson n/Donny p/98765432 e/test@test.com a/UTown g/M d/10/10/2022`
```
